readme.md, before:


# Introduction

[LanguageTool] is an Open Source proof­reading software for English, French,
German, Polish, and more than 20 other languages.

You can use the LanguageTools with a [firefox-plugin].

This is a Dockerfile to get the languagetools running on a system without java.

[LanguageTool]: https://www.languagetool.org/
[firefox-plugin]: https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/languagetoolfx/

# Usage

The Server is running on port 8010, this port should exposed.

    $ docker pull silviof/docker-languagetool
    [...]
    $ docker run --rm -p 8010:8010 silviof/docker-languagetool

Or you run it in background via `-d`-option.

Run with no minimum rights and RAM
```
docker run --name languagetool \
                        --cap-drop=ALL \
                        --user=65534:65534 \
                        --read-only \
                        --mount type=bind,src=/tmp/languagetool/tmp,dst=/tmp \
                        -p 127.0.0.1:8010:8010 \
                        --memory 412m --memory-swap 500m \
                        -e EXTRAOPTIONS="-Xmx382M" \
                        silviof/docker-languagetool:latest
```

## ngram support

To support [ngrams] you need an additional volume or directory mounted to the
`/ngrams` directory. For that add a `-v` to the `docker run`-command.

    docker run ... -v /path/to/ngrams:/ngrams ...

[ngrams]: http://wiki.languagetool.org/finding-errors-using-n-gram-data


Download English ngrams with the commands:

    mkdir ngrams
    wget https://languagetool.org/download/ngram-data/ngrams-en-20150817.zip
    (cd ngrams && unzip ../ngrams-en-20150817.zip)
    rm -f ngrams-en-20150817.zip


One can use them using web browser plugin "Local server (localhost)" setting by running:

    docker run -d --name languagetool -p 127.0.0.1:8081:8010 -v `pwd`/ngrams:/ngrams:ro --restart=unless-stopped silviof/docker-languagetool

Commit message:

added route clarification
Added routing documentation clarification #25

readme.md, after:


# Introduction

[LanguageTool] is an Open Source proof­reading software for English, French,
German, Polish, and more than 20 other languages.

You can use the LanguageTools with a [firefox-plugin].

This is a Dockerfile to get the languagetools running on a system without java.

[LanguageTool]: https://www.languagetool.org/
[firefox-plugin]: https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/languagetoolfx/

# Usage

The Server is running on port 8010, this port should exposed.

    $ docker pull silviof/docker-languagetool
    [...]
    $ docker run --rm -p 8010:8010 silviof/docker-languagetool

Or you run it in background via `-d`-option.

Run with no minimum rights and RAM
```
docker run --name languagetool \
                        --cap-drop=ALL \
                        --user=65534:65534 \
                        --read-only \
                        --mount type=bind,src=/tmp/languagetool/tmp,dst=/tmp \
                        -p 127.0.0.1:8010:8010 \
                        --memory 412m --memory-swap 500m \
                        -e EXTRAOPTIONS="-Xmx382M" \
                        silviof/docker-languagetool:latest
```

Route information can be found at https://languagetool.org/http-api/swagger-ui/#/default, an easy route to test that it's running is `/v2/languages`.

## ngram support

To support [ngrams] you need an additional volume or directory mounted to the
`/ngrams` directory. For that add a `-v` to the `docker run`-command.

    docker run ... -v /path/to/ngrams:/ngrams ...

[ngrams]: http://wiki.languagetool.org/finding-errors-using-n-gram-data


Download English ngrams with the commands:

    mkdir ngrams
    wget https://languagetool.org/download/ngram-data/ngrams-en-20150817.zip
    (cd ngrams && unzip ../ngrams-en-20150817.zip)
    rm -f ngrams-en-20150817.zip


One can use them using web browser plugin "Local server (localhost)" setting by running:

    docker run -d --name languagetool -p 127.0.0.1:8081:8010 -v `pwd`/ngrams:/ngrams:ro --restart=unless-stopped silviof/docker-languagetool
